Update GPU guidance (#580)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/tools/visual-studio-code/index.md

# Visual Studio Code (VS Code)

We provide a version of VS Code with a curated set of development tools pre-installed. You can check the [full list of included tools](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/analytical-platform-cloud-development-environment-base?tab=readme-ov-file#features).

## Computing resources

> VS Code runs with a standard set of resources. You can request more powerful computing resources (a GPU or 2 CPUs with 24GB of RAM) for your environment if you need them. This includes situations where you’re working with very large datasets, or using AI to process data.

Reviewer: > using AI to process data

I think we should remove this. It's ambiguous imo.

Send a message in [#ask-analytical-platform on Slack](https://moj.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C4PF7QAJZ) with:

* the email address for your Analytical Platform account
* the tooling you're using

> * the resources you need

Reviewer: Same as above.

>The Analytical Platform provides on-demand GPU resources and sometimes AWS cannot meet our capacity needs. Your environment may fail to start more often compared to the version of VS Code without GPU access. Retrying later usually resolves the issue.

> >The GPU is also not dedicated and can support multiple users or sessions. This means workloads may run more slowly or fail if there is insufficient GPU resourcing. Try reducing your workload's GPU requirements or retry later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Analytical Platform provides access to GPU compute for Visual Studio Code, AWS GPU capacity is not always readily available. As a result, GPU-enabled VS Code environments may fail to start more often than standard environments.

If you experience either issue, try reducing your workload's GPU requirements or retrying later.
```

Reviewer: This is for both line 15 and 16

Author: From what I understand, reducing workload requirements wouldn't help with an AWS on-demand issue which is why I kept them separate. Is that not the case?
